Add index (#10)
UtrechtUniversity/privacy-engineering-tools: secure-computing/index.md

# Secure computing

> The software presented in this section are tools that help researchers keep the data safe. Examples of those are encryption and frameworks/tools to transfer data/information from one location to another without compromising data safety. For more information on secure computing see the section in the [data privacy handbook](link needed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The software presented in this section are tools that help researchers keep their research data safe. Examples of those are [encryption](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/dataprivacyhandbook/encryption.html){target="_blank"} and frameworks/tools to securely perform computations on the data, without compromising data safety. For more information on secure computing, see the [Secure computing section in the Data Privacy Handbook](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/dataprivacyhandbook/secure-computing.html){target=""_blank"}.
```
